README.md, before:

# Frontend Mentor - Job Listings With Filtering

This is a solution to the <a href="https://www.frontendmentor.io/challenges/job-listings-with-filtering-ivstIPCt/hub" target="_blank">Job Listings With Filtering challenge on Frontend Mentor</a>. Frontend Mentor challenges help you improve your coding skills by building realistic projects.

<a href="https://quirozdev.github.io/Jobs-Listings-With-Filtering/" target="_blank">Live Site Demo</a>

## Table of contents

- [Overview](#overview)
  - [The challenge](#the-challenge)
  - [Screenshot](#screenshot)
  - [Links](#links)
- [My process](#my-process)
  - [Built with](#built-with)
- [Author](#author)

## Overview

### The challenge

Users should be able to:

- View the optimal layout for the site depending on their device's screen size
- See hover states for all interactive elements on the page
- Filter job listings based on the categories

### Screenshot

<img src="./screenshot.png" alt="Project Screenshot" />

### Links

- <a href="https://github.com/Quirozdev/Jobs-Listings-With-Filtering" target="_blank">Solution URL</a>
- <a href="https://quirozdev.github.io/Jobs-Listings-With-Filtering/" target="_blank">Live Site URL</a>

### Built with

- Vue 3 with the Composition API, Pinia and TypeScript
- Use of composables for separation of concerns
- CSS custom properties
- Flexbox
- Responsive design

## Author

- GitHub - <a href="https://github.com/Quirozdev" target="_blank">Quirozdev</a>

Commit message:

Changin scroll to auto in modal and preparing readme

README.md, after:

# Frontend Mentor - Product list with cart

This is a solution to the <a href="https://www.frontendmentor.io/challenges/product-list-with-cart-5MmqLVAp_d/hub" target="_blank">Product list with cart challenge on Frontend Mentor</a>. Frontend Mentor challenges help you improve your coding skills by building realistic projects.

<a href="https://quirozdev.github.io/Product-List-With-Cart/" target="_blank">Live Site Demo</a>

## Table of contents

- [Overview](#overview)
  - [The challenge](#the-challenge)
  - [Demo GIF](#demo-gif)
  - [Links](#links)
- [My process](#my-process)
  - [Built with](#built-with)
- [Author](#author)

## Overview

### The challenge

Users should be able to:

- Add items to the cart and remove them
- Increase/decrease the number of items in the cart
- See an order confirmation modal when they click "Confirm Order"
- Reset their selections when they click "Start New Order"
- View the optimal layout for the interface depending on their device's screen size
- See hover and focus states for all interactive elements on the page

### Demo GIF

### Links

- <a href="https://github.com/Quirozdev/Product-List-With-Cart" target="_blank">Solution URL</a>
- <a href="https://quirozdev.github.io/Product-List-With-Cart/" target="_blank">Live Site URL</a>

### Built with

- Vue 3 and TypeScript
- Tailwind
- CSS custom properties
- Flexbox
- Responsive design

## Author

- GitHub - <a href="https://github.com/Quirozdev" target="_blank">Quirozdev</a>
